简爱第二天

       中文版二段

       贝茵说我干了什么啦？”我问

       “简，我不喜欢吹毛求疵或者刨根究底的人，更何况小孩子家这么跟大人顶嘴实在让人讨厌。找个地方去坐着，不会和气说话就别张嘴。”

       客厅的隔壁是一间小小的餐室，我溜了进去。里面有一个书架。不一会儿，我从上面拿下一本书来，特意挑插图多的，
       爬上窗台，缩起双脚，像土耳其人那样盘腿坐下，将红色的波纹窗帘几乎完全拉拢，把自己加倍隐蔽了起来。
        What does Bessie say I have done? I asked.

        Jane,I don't like cavillers or questioners; besides,there is something truly forbidding in a child talking up her elders in that manner.Be seated somewhere;
        and until you can speak pleasantly,remain silent.

        I breakfast-room adjoined the drawing-room,I slipped in there.It contained a bookcase:I soon possessed myself of a volume,
        taking care that it should be one stored with pictures.I mounted into the window-seat:gathering up my feet,I sat cross-legged,
        like a Turk;and having drawn the red moreen curtain nearly close,I was shrined in double retirement.
        
       在我右侧，绯红色窗幔的皱褶档住了我的视线；左侧，明亮的玻璃窗庇护着我，使我既免受十一月阴沉天气的侵害，
       又不与外面的世界隔绝，在翻书的间隙，我抬头细看冬日下午的景色。只见远方白茫茫一片云雾，近处湿漉漉一块草地和受风雨袭击的灌木。
       一阵持久而凄厉的狂风，驱赶着如注的暴雨，横空归过。
       Folds of scarlet drapery shut in my view to the right hand;to the left were the clear panes of glass,protecting,
       but not spearating me from the drear November day.At intervals,whild turning over the leaves of my book,I studied
       the aspect of that winter afternoon.Afar,it offered a pale blank of mist and cloud;near a scene of wet lawn and storm
       -beat shrub,with ceaseless rain sweeping away wildly before a long and lamentable blase.
       
       再抄一遍
         What does Bessie say I have done?I asked.
         Jane,I don't like cavillers or questioners;besides,there is something truly forbidding in a child talking up he elders in that 
         in a manner and until you can speak pleasantly.remain silent.
         
         I breakfase-room adjoined the drawing-room,I slipped in there.It contained a bookcase:I soon possessed myself of a volume,
         taking care that it should be one stored with pictures.I mounted ito the window-seat;gathering up my feet,I set cross-legged,
         like a Turk;and having drawn the red moreen curtain nearly close,I was shrined in double retirement.
         
         Flods of scarlet drapery shut in my view to the right hand;to the left were the clear panes of glass,peotecting,but not spearating
         me from the drear November day.At intervals,whild truning over the leaves of my book,I studied the aspect of that winter afternoon.
         Afar,it offered a pale of mist and cloud;near a scene of wet lawn and storm-beat shrub,with ceaseless rain sweeping away wildly before
         a long and lamentable blase.
         


单词

cavil（无端抱怨;挑剔;吹毛求疵）
possess(有;拥有;具有(特质);攫住;支配;控制)

I soon possessed myself of a volume(我很快就迷上了一本书)
moreen(莫琳;波纹织物)
drapery (垂褶布; 织物，布料)
scarlet(猩红色;红衣;象征罪恶的深红色;绯红色)
separating(分离，隔开)
Afar(在远处）
pale(苍白的，灰白的)
mist（薄雾;水汽，模糊不清)）
ceaseless(不停的，不断的)
sweeping （影响广泛的;大范围的）
lamentable(十分令人失望的,令人遗憾的)
blase((对某事物)不稀罕，认为司空见惯)
